we are going to tie a tube mole leech oh
my goodness who heard of that you know
today we're talking without head cement
what can I say we're gonna um we're
gonna make this fantasy you know who
ever heard of a mole leech tied on tubes
well we did and it's kind of fun to do
it and by the way I was just trimming
off the excess and we're gonna we're
using plastic tube we're using the tube
fly pool from hm age and she's gonna
sleep pretty simple I'm using two tone
hair line cross cut rabbit and remember
I'm not putting as much pressure on this
as I normally would because I would
crush my tube dab of imaginary has meant
actually eyes okay we got down is that
my mom each no I've got another piece of
tube here I've already melted the end
insert it here and these tools work
cement there and I'm comfy use some
purple purple and violet or violet and
purple cross cut to tone
that 1 2 3 I never really know how many
turns I'm gonna give for turns disco
notice not too fancy doesn't have to be
fancy I had to be fancy I put some
dubbing on there you know try to save
someone nothing okay we have two short
pieces there now I have a tube that I
had a tungsten conehead or yet attached
because this is going to be the front of
my tube mole leech head cement we're
gonna make this one black this part you
don't have to put weight on these you
can use barbell eyes instead of cones
they're different kinds of cones you can
use I slowed down because I was trying
to think for a minute and that's
dangerous okay so I have somewhere I
have some ROG flash we're gonna have
three strands on the one side three
strands I'd rather think the last time I
tied this why use two strands on each
side that's a very scientific cut this
about as long as the total 5 will be
type of that on one side time in on the
other side now let's put a little bit of
I could use bright car but I'm going to
this kind of uh since this is this part
of PI's can show I'm going to look nice
so I'm gonna use it dubbing loop and put
in a little bit of STS try mobile blend
it's got a little purple in it it's got
a little bit of black it's got a little
bit silver holographic ice dub things
are amazing aren't they so much fun
trying these different things out to get
my little dubbing brush unless I left
half my tools at home today
so then you wind this around the idea
here is to fill that space against the
Kong head you want that pretty tight
it's partly for looks and partly for
function because if that code is gonna
loose it could rattle around and your
thread could
so here we go so you just you see me tie
three separate short tunes now I'm gonna
grab myself up Nabby hook pre-rigged for
demonstration purposes I want to put the
bright color at the back about a beat
how about a beat I'm going to put a
super egg on watch me roll these super
eggs all over the table you know I've
just made tying this fry three times
more complicated by adding these beads
throw a bead on run the first everybody
think nice thoughts there we go
but how to beat on this is going to
wiggle in the water oh my goodness
that's too long you shorten up there we
go
hope my piece only tours long enough to
do this demonstration they're on how to
be on
it's actually going much better than it
could here comes the conehead section
how's that the mirage flash abou comes
all the way down hook trails off this is
a wiggle in the water
mr. steelhead is going to want to take a
bite of this thank you